Update hmr-with-fast-refresh.md (#9)
alephjs/alephjs.org: pages/docs/basic-features/hmr-with-fast-refresh.md

# HMR with Fast Refresh

> **HMR** (Hot Module Replacement) allows you update Aleph.js application without refreshing the page during **development**, any change instantly updates in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**HMR** (Hot Module Replacement) allows you update Aleph.js application without refreshing the page during **development**.  Any change instantly updates in the browser.
```

## How It Works

> The built-in **HMR** module of Aleph.js will create a **WS** connection to the dev server on the client during **development**, and the server will listen the app file changes. Once the HMR client gets a update signal from server, Aleph.js will re-import the updated module. For a CSS module, the old style will be removed after the new one was appied. For a React Component, the Fast Refresh will re-render the component view without losing component state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in **HMR** module of Aleph.js will create a **WS** connection to the dev server on the client during **development**, and the server will listen for app file changes. Once the HMR client gets an update signal from the server, Aleph.js will re-import the updated module. For a CSS module, the old style will be removed after the new one is applied. For a React Component, the Fast Refresh will re-render the component view without losing component state.
```

## What Is Fast Refresh

> > It's a re-implementation of "hot reloading" with full support from React. It originally [shipped for React Native](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1169687758849400832), but most of the implementation is platform-independent. The plan is to use it across the board as a replacement for purely userland solutions (like react-hot-loader). [¹]

Reviewer 2: this quote comes from *dan abramov*, please keep it
